Millions of people go through life hoping for favorable breaks. perhaps a 
favorable break can get one an opportunity, but the safest plan is not
to depend upon lick. It was a favorable break that gave me the bigges 
opportunity my life but twenty five years before it became an addet. 
Rhe break consisted of ny good fortune in meeting and gaining the cooperation f andtrew catnegie. 
On that occasion carnegie planted in my nind the idea of otganixin
k


Im worried because i dont know what to fucking do, it might take  fucking months to get a goddamn client if offer my services online, try to get them via  the cold email approach, run facebook adds, put content out about web pages and stuff, what fucking matters is to start making money the 
fast, it doesn't matter if is a few bucks, I must start having another revenue stream that the waitering, but I really don't know if is the right path, if i may need more experience or if skipping the having a job face will fuck me up in the future, havent worked with a team, my work ethic might not be take
the best, my backend knowledge sucks, Im actually not in a rush to live cause no matter the way you
see it i fucking hate working for somebody else, its fucked to give away your time for some pennies,
lets say i start making money just freelancing and get some clients, make content for the agency social media, 
invest in marketing,  educate myself in backend stach, make some projects, overdeliver and charge cheap prices,
I would not move from my parents , just would work like a beast, get good as fuck, get more clients hire a motherfucker and 
reinvest everything




She has conducted attentional studies in partnership with NASA AND EITH COMPANIES LIKE Boeing , Intel, IBM, and Microsoft. Czerwinski, a principal researrcher at Microsog
 is one of the leading experts on how people and computers interact, Her work, and my conversations with her, color most of this chapter, The two scientists havent
 yramed up to conduct acoores of studies into our relationship with technology on a daily badis.
 what I love the most about ther work is that thet specialixe in what is called in situ research, conducting studies in actual workplaces on real workers. To measure how]

 stressed participants felt after multitaslking or doing email, Mark and Czerwinskli strapped monitors to them  to wearr twenty four hours a day to chart their heart rate variability a scientists]
 scientifically validated measure of stress. With their permission, Mark and Czerwinski installed a logging program on participants computers to observe exactly how often they switched between tasks every fortune
 forty seconds.
 their woek is worth calling out for a number of reasons. First, in situ research is much more difficult to conduct, it tool Mark six years to find an organization that would let h]
 let her study employees when they went without email for a weel, for ezample, but the approach is particularly worthwhile. 
 As she explained to me, As opposed to taking someone into a laboratory and setting up artificial xonditions to simulate the world, you are going intothe
 world, and observing things as they actually are.
 Second, their research is worth examining because it's groundbreaking, By far my favorite of the studies they conducted was the forty-five


 Second, their research is worth examining because it's groundbreaking. By far my favorite of the studies they conducted was the forty second task switching finding about\
 I cited above So often we go from being totally productive and immersed in our woek to inrerrupting ourselves to do something unrelated and far less impottand.
  We interrupt a meaningful conversatin with a friend to check our phone , we interrupt a meaningful conversation with a friend to check our phone 
  we set aside writing a report to initiae a pointless IM chat , we set aside writing a report to initiate a pointless IM chat, Another study they conducted found that we settingtch